I am the voice of black Africa jolie a
coffee will send you a fantasist who is tired
to spend what he hopes in spending but
unfortunately adele c if la of the diaspora
forced to change flag in
His dream drawer is empty
between a league that makes an existence
illegal cares about king's dreams
need the anger of maro we'll scream so yes
they will feel the high pmi brothers united
against all you want to disk
precious magnetic speaks of racism
only when it suits them
we give space to young people but do not move to
studies of waiting I swear by tail towards
in holy books lamanna rains from the sky
sip good morning from those who were half
empty
dreaming of giving the beautiful country a face
new
per action
choose
emotions
saved the oxen costs
justify and wars with yours
regions if the site is the symbol
the future itself
bad for the planet
and in the face we pride it
mezzetti broke a year since then
for all people
take to deliver visual
there is talk of peace with the taste of everything not
marks the daily awakening
the throw
world that changes
look at my uncle
let it be on a sign
phrases therefore your mixed